{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Charter-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red20\green152\blue106;\red44\green44\blue44;
\red250\green250\blue250;\red251\green0\blue7;\red206\green209\blue212;\red20\green20\blue21;\red202\green202\blue202;
\red23\green23\blue23;\red140\green211\blue254;\red194\green126\blue101;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c84706;\cssrgb\c0\c65098\c49020;\cssrgb\c22745\c22745\c22745;
\cssrgb\c98431\c98431\c98431;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c84314\c85490\c86275;\cssrgb\c10196\c10196\c10588\c80000;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c61176\c86275\c99608;\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18960\viewh12000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Faith"\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93<*Mike Tyson Voice* Will you let me rub my balls across your Faith?>"\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Kansas\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93KANSAS DICK FIT IN YO MOUTH\'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94, \'93completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Are you a microwave? Cause mmmmmmmmmm\'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Izzy\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Can I get busy with Izzy?\'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93My mom told me life is like a deck of cards, you must be my queen of hearts.\'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93On a scale from 1 to 10, you\'92re a 9. I\'92m the 1 you need.\'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f1\fs38 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Do you have a name, or can I just call you 'mine'?\

\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Aaron\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\fs42 \cf4 \cb5 Oof \'96 is the Aaron here really fresh or is that just you?
\fs30 \cf3 \cb1 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Abigail\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\fs42 \cf4 \cb5 What\'92s your go to order at a bar? Mine is A Big Ale
\fs30 \cf3 \cb1 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Emily\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Girl, you are truly one in a Emily-on.
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Emily\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 If I had Emily-on dollars for every girl who was as hot as you I'd still be broke as fuck
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Kate\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 I'd love to get to know you. Care to edu-Kate me?
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Nada\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 What would you be called if you were wrapped in baked pastry?\
An EmpaNada
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Ding\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Dong
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pauline\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Your profile was Pauline me in, I had to swipe right
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Daisy\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 You must be the Daisy of my dreams. *southern draw* because I want to pick you.
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Annie\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Are you ok?
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Taylor\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Are you a seamstress? \'91Cause my day has just been Taylor-made
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Aleia\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 I want to explore Aleia. As in \'93all of ya\'94
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Kat\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 I\'92ve always considered myself more of a Kay person
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Sam\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Sam- Body once told me the world is gonna roll me\'85
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Anna\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 You're a 9 Anna half out of 10.
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Seems God gave you everything but my number.
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Damn Girl, are you an FDA approved medical mask? \'91Cause I want you on my face.
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Seems God gave you everything but my number.
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Seems God gave you everything but my number.
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f3\fs28 \cf7 \cb8 Dahm girl you the sun? Cause you make me look away
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \cb1 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Rose are red, lemons are sour,\
open your legs and feel the power\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Good one, but i have a better one.\
Roses are red, i dont want your\
bone, with a pickup line like that, it's\
no wonder you're alone
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\{\cf3 "prompt"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93Pick up line\'94\cf2 , \cf3 "completion"\cf2 : \cf3 \'93
\f2\fs28 \cf6 Are you a toaster? \'91Cause I want to take a bath with you
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \'94\cf2 \}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs36 \cf9 \cb10 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 \{\cf11 \strokec11 "prompt"\cf9 \strokec9 : \cf12 \strokec12 "Funniest pickup lines for someone named Faith"\cf9 \strokec9 , \cf11 \strokec11 "completion"\cf9 \strokec9 : \cf12 \strokec12 "*Mike Tyson Voice* Will you let me rub my balls across your Faith?"\cf9 \strokec9 \},\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}